OUR COMMITMENT
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DE&I) is essential to our mission to connect and engage the world through epic entertainment. We produce our best work when our people reflect the diversity of our players, and when our people can show up as their authentic selves. We are building a workplace that embraces, values, celebrates, and welcomes our differences to help us innovate and succeed in our mission.

 

We are proud of the progress we have made and are honored that Activision Blizzard was named as one of the “Best Places to Work for LGBTQ Equality” by the Human Rights Campaign in 2019, 2020 and 2021. Building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace is an ongoing journey, and we are committed to focusing on our people, culture, and content so that we can continue delivering epic experiences for our global player community. 


OUR PEOPLE
Our strength comes from our passionate, diverse people creating epic entertainment. A focus on DE&I is key to helping our people thrive.

OUR CULTURE
Together, we can foster inclusion and belonging. We celebrate and encourage diversity, making ourselves, our communities and our games even better.

OUR CONTENT
Epic entertainment comes from our passion, pride, creativity, and diverse points of view. We want to create experiences that delight and reflect our global and diverse player community.


IT'S THE PEOPLE
Above all, our strength comes from passionate, diverse people doing incredible things—for each other, our players, and the world. 

THINK PLAYER FIRST
Our players deserve our best. Listen to them, engage with them and deliver for them.

CHAMPION DE&I
Our journey for a better tomorrow starts with each of us. Make ourselves, our communities, and our games better through Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion—every day.

CHANGING THE GAME
Next level epic entertainment comes from our passion, pride, creativity, and rigor. Think big, be bold and always aim to raise the bar together.


HAVE FUN
We create fun for the world. Let’s have fun doing it!